Dear Mr.Thompson:

  I'm writing to you for applying the Sales Representative position. After understanding your requirement, I can't help telling you how appropriate I'm.
  I graduated from University of Texas at Austin, obtained the bachelor of business administration in marketing degree. I was the resident assistant in the Department of Residential Life of UT, so I think I have a strong sense of leadership. I was honored the Who's Who Among Students in American University award.I mastered many concepts and theories about business and marketing, so I think I can handle any professional problem efficiently. I founded and maintained car detailing service responsible for 25 clients, which gained their appreciate by using my professional market analysis. I telemarketed as an order-taker for Longhorn Tire Supply, which involved learning and implementing sales presentation and conflict-resolution skills. I always see my professional sales experience as a treasure chance to practice and improve my professional skills. I also performed cold, door-to-door sales calls to obtain clientele for a deli delivery route and landscape service company, that takes big influence to me, cause I not only extended my resources of customers, but also trained my communicating skill. Having a background of minoring in Spanish, I performed reading, writing, and speaking activities in Spanish while participating in a language immersion program in Costa Rica, a Latin American Studies trip in Guatemala, and a business internship program in Ecuador. I learned different culture, developed intergrated marketing plan for sales of service to Latin American municipalities, interacted with Mayan Indians to observe their cultural norms and study their language. I have rich experience in communicating with others.
I think I'm the man you wanted, and I wish you could give me a opportunity to interview or talk in person. If there's any thing you want to know about me or my experience, I'
m glad to receive your letter. Hope you could trust me. Thank you for your attention.

Sincerely

Peter David Stevens